# Postit - Reddit clone, kinda.
## Overview

**Postit** was created follwing the Tealeaf Academy Rails Online Bootcamp *:course 2*. With **Postit** you can register yourself, share posts with links, create categories and vote on posts. You can visit and demo the working site at <http://postit-template.herokuapp.com/>

####  To use the project as a template
1. Just fork the project or download from github
2. bundle install
3. do what you want with it.

####  Postit uses the following gems

1. gem 'rails', '4.0.0'
2. gem 'sass-rails', '~> 4.0.0'
3. gem 'uglifier', '>= 1.3.0'
4. gem 'coffee-rails', '~> 4.0.0'
5. gem 'bootstrap-sass', '~> 2.3.2.0' `Yep, Bootstrap` 
6. gem 'jquery-rails'
7. gem 'turbolinks'
8. gem 'jbuilder', '~> 1.2'
9. gem 'bcrypt-ruby', '~> 3.0.0'
10. gem 'quiet_assets'
11. gem 'sqlite3'
12. gem 'pg' `for production` 
13. gem 'rails_12factor' `for production` 

Optionally I've also added pry, rubocop (A Ruby static code analyzer, based on the community Ruby style guide) and rack-zippy (Rack middleware for serving static gzipped assets generated by the Rails asset pipeline). Remove them, if you don't need, from the Gemfile before you do bundle install. The application will run fine.

The authentication, voting systems etc. are all built manually.

### About the TeaLeaf Academy
Tealeaf Academy is an online school for developers offering a professional grade curriculum designed to teach students to build production quality apps and become ready for jobs as developers at leading tech companies. Tealeaf Academy offers students constant support from teachers, teacher assistants, and a community of peers around the world.

<https://www.gotealeaf.com>